# CS210

For this project, the goal was to create a program to help a grocery store keep track of frequently bought produce. This program would aid them in re-organizing their produce section.  This projecy highlights my ability to keep the code within main() neat and easy to read.  However, because of how the files are opened, it would be difficult to open a different file.  To improve my code, I would make it simpler to change which file was opened.  This would enable the grocery store to upload different product data and re-organize different sections.  
This was my first time using maps, so the most difficult part for me was figuring out how to transfer the file's data into a map.  To overcome this, I found resources that explained the practical uses of maps and applied those practices to my own code.  Along with learning about maps, I also became more familiar with designing the functions within a program, a skill that will aid me in future projects.  In my design, I split each task of the program into different functions.  This makes the program easily maintainable and adaptable while improving readability.


# CS230

The Gaming Room client was a company that wished to expand their current version of the game, Draw It or Lose It, which was only available as an Android mobile app, to a web-based game that could run on multiple platforms.  While developing the software deocumentation for this project, I excelled in identifying the particular needs of the client and translating them into software requirements and buisiness constraints.  

While working through the design document, understanding the UML diagram was particularly helpful when developing the code for the Draw It or Lose It application.  When researching the benefits and drawbacks of each operating system to use for the application, I would have liked to include more insight into the cost of developement on each platform as well as how long developement would take on each platform.

Thoughout this project, the user had clearly defined needs.  They required a secure web-based game that could run on multiple operating platforms.  These needs required me to determine the amount of storage and memory the application would require, along with ways to make the application secure with user password verification.  Without considering these needs, I would be able to develope an applicaton, but it would not have the functionality my client required.  When designing software, you should always have a clear understanding of the clients needs, along with an understanding of each operating platform's strengths and weaknesses.  These are the foundational building blocks that determine how the software is designed.  
